📝 PHP Language page rework (#2271)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/languages/php/fpm.md

      6 131072
```

> This indicates that the majority of requests (4800) used 2048 KB of memory. In this case that's likely application caching at work.

Reviewer: :clipboard:
```suggestion
This indicates that the majority of requests (4,800) used 2048 KB of memory.
In this case, that's likely app caching at work.
```
